README.md, before:

# Business Card OCR Component

This component that parses the results of the optical character recognition (OCR) component in order to extract the name, phone number, and email address from the processed business card image.

It is provided as a Java jar for integration into the OCR processing pipeline.

## Scope of component:
Given a string that contains the text retrieved from a business card, returns the *name*, *phone number*, and *email address* within a ContactInfo object.
 
* name: (string) full name
* phone number: (string) only digits
* email address: (string) 

Any item not available in the provided text will be returned as null.

## Build instructions
 
`mvn package`

## Test instructions

`mvn test` 

## Technical Notes

The version of en-ner-person.bin included in src/main/resources was pulled from http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/ on 5/12/2018.

Per http://opennlp.apache.org/models.html
> The models on Sourceforge for 1.5.0 ...  are fully compatible with Apache OpenNLP 1.8.4.

Commit message:

Providing runner, including instructions for using in README.md - Fixed bug found in exercising runner - now can support being given biz cards (or other text) without an identifiable name

README.md, after:

# Business Card OCR Component

This component that parses the results of the optical character recognition (OCR) component in order to extract the name, phone number, and email address from the processed business card image.

It is provided as a Java jar for integration into the OCR processing pipeline.

## Scope of component:
Given a string that contains the text retrieved from a business card, returns the *name*, *phone number*, and *email address* within a ContactInfo object.
 
* name: (string) full name
* phone number: (string) only digits
* email address: (string) 

Any item not available in the provided text will be returned as null.

## Build instructions
 
`mvn package`


## Run instructions

After building using the instruction above, copy the resulting jar file (bizcard-contactinfo-{version}.jar) to the location of your choosing.

`java -cp bizcard-contactinfo-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar BusinessCardParserRunner "{text here}"`

Results should look like: 
  
~~~~
  Info:
  -- name: {name extracted or null}
  -- emailAddress: {email address extracted or null)
  -- phoneNumber: {phone number extracted or null) 
~~~~  

## Test instructions

`mvn test` 
(Tests are also run as part of packaging.)

## Technical Notes

The version of en-ner-person.bin included in src/main/resources was pulled from http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/ on 5/12/2018.

Per http://opennlp.apache.org/models.html
> The models on Sourceforge for 1.5.0 ...  are fully compatible with Apache OpenNLP 1.8.4.
